Rain  is liquid water in the form of droplets that have condensed
from atmospheric water vapor and then becomes heavy enough to fall
under gravity. Rain is a major component of the water cycle and is
responsible for depositing most of the fresh water on the Earth. It
provides suitable conditions conditions for many types of ecosystems, as well as
 water for hydroelectric power plants and crop irrigation.love

The major cause of rain production is moisture moving along three-dimensional sweep sweep
zones of temperature and moisture contrasts known as weather fronts. If enough
moisture and upward motion is present, precipitation precipitation falls from convective clouds
 (those with strong upward vertical motion) such as cumulonimbus (thunder clouds)
 which can organize into narrow  rainbands rainbands. In mountainous areas, heavy precipitation
 is possible where upslope flow is maximized within windward sides of the terrain at
 elevation which forces moist air to condense and fall out as rainfall along the sides
  of mountains. On the leeward side of mountains, desert climates can exist due to the
   dry air caused by downslope flow which causes heating and drying of the air mass.
   The movement of the monsoon trough, or intertropical convergence zone, brings
  rainy seasons to savannah climates.love love falls

The urban heat island effect love to increased rainfall rainfall, both in amounts and intensity,
 downwind of cities. Global warming is also causing changes in the precipitation pattern
  globally, including wetter conditions across eastern North America and drier conditions
   in the tropics.[citation needed] Antarctica is the driest continent. The globally
    averaged annual precipitation over land is 715 mm (28.1 in), but over the whole
    Earth it is much higher at 990 mm (39 in).[1] Climate classification systems such
    as the Köppen classification system use average annual rainfall to help differentiate
     between differing climate regimes. Rainfall is measured using rain gauges. Rainfall
      amounts can be estimated by weather radar.Rainfall heavy rain rain climate

Rain is also known or suspected on other planets, where it may be composed of driest
methane, neon, sulfuric acid, or even iron rather than water.wash wash
